!
hostname switch1.test
!
ntp server 1.2.3.4 source gi1/0/1
!!
vlan 1
  name default
!
interface Vlan1
  ip address 10.77.1.68 255.255.255.0
  ip helper-address 10.10.10.1
  ip helper-address 10.10.10.2
  no shutdown
!
vlan 2
  name vlan_2
!
interface Vlan2
  ip address 10.77.2.68 255.255.255.0
  ip helper-address 10.10.10.1
  ip helper-address 10.10.10.2
  ip helper-address 10.10.10.3
  no shutdown
!
vlan 3
  name vlan_3
!
vlan 4
  name vlan_4
!
interface Vlan4
  ip address 10.77.4.68 255.255.255.0
  ip helper-address 10.10.10.1
  ip helper-address 10.10.10.2
  no shutdown
!
vlan 5
  name vlan_5
!
vlan 6
  name vlan_6
!
interface Vlan6
  ip address 10.77.1.68 255.255.255.0
  ip helper-address 10.10.10.1
  ip helper-address 10.10.10.2
  no shutdown
!!
ip route 1.1.1.1 255.255.255.0 2.2.2.2
ip route 3.3.3.3 255.255.255.0 4.4.4.4! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/13
  description Link to esxi-01 port nic 0 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/14
  description Link to esxi-01 port nic 1 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/15
  description Link to esxi-01 port nic 2 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/16
  description Link to esxi-01 port nic 3 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/17
  description Link to esxi-02 port nic 0 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/18
  description Link to esxi-02 port nic 1 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/19
  description Link to esxi-02 port nic 2 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/20
  description Link to esxi-02 port nic 3 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/21
  description Link to esxi-03 port nic 0 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/22
  description Link to esxi-03 port nic 1 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/23
  description Link to esxi-03 port nic 2 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/24
  description Link to esxi-03 port nic 3 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/25
  description Link to esxi-04 port nic 0 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/26
  description Link to esxi-04 port nic 1 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/27
  description Link to esxi-04 port nic 2 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/28
  description Link to esxi-04 port nic 3 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/29
  description Link to esxi-05 port nic 0 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/30
  description Link to esxi-05 port nic 1 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/31
  description Link to esxi-05 port nic 2 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/32
  description Link to esxi-05 port nic 3 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/33
  description Link to esxi-06 port nic 0 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/34
  description Link to esxi-06 port nic 1 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/35
  description Link to esxi-06 port nic 2 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/36
  description Link to esxi-06 port nic 3 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/37
  description Link to esxi-07 port nic 0 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/38
  description Link to esxi-07 port nic 1 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/39
  description Link to esxi-07 port nic 2 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/40
  description Link to esxi-07 port nic 3 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/41
  description Link to esxi-08 port nic 0 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/42
  description Link to esxi-08 port nic 1 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/43
  description Link to esxi-08 port nic 2 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/44
  description Link to esxi-08 port nic 3 for Virtualization Host
  switchport
  switchport mode trunk
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/45
  description Link to db-01 port nic 0 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 101
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/46
  description Link to db-01 port nic 1 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 101
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/47
  description Link to db-02 port nic 0 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 101
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/48
  description Link to db-02 port nic 1 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 101
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/49
  description Link to db-03 port nic 0 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 101
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/50
  description Link to db-03 port nic 1 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 101
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/51
  description Link to dev-db-01 port nic 0 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 102
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/52
  description Link to dev-db-01 port nic 1 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 102
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/53
  description Link to dev-db-02 port nic 0 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 102
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/54
  description Link to dev-db-02 port nic 1 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 102
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/55
  description Link to dev-db-03 port nic 0 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 102
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/56
  description Link to dev-db-03 port nic 1 for Database Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 102
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/57
  description Link to admin-01 port nic 0 for Admin Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 100
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/58
  description Link to admin-01 port nic 2 for Admin Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 100
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/59
  description Link to server-01 port nic 0 for App Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 103
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/60
  description Link to server-01 port nic 1 for App Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 103
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/61
  description Link to server-02 port nic 0 for App Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 104
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/62
  description Link to server-02 port nic 1 for App Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 104
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/63
  description Link to server-03 port nic 0 for App Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 105
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 ! Generated Configuration
interface Ethernet1/64
  description Link to server-03 port nic 1 for App Server
  switchport
  switchport mode access
  switchport access vlan 105
  spanning-tree port type edge
  no shutdown

 